hi everyone thanks for joining me my
name is Leslie record and I'm the
cleaning coach and today on green clean
TV we're going to show you how to clean
your new iPad don't have one don't fret
there is very nice and very easy to use
so when you get 1 i'm going to show you
how to take care of it now what it has
on it is there's actually a protector on
here to protect the ipad from different
grease and finger marks but it still
gets greasy it still gets prints on it
and you're not going to like it it
doesn't show up so much while you're
using it but when it's off you can see
the prints really bad so there's two
things you can do one take a dry
microfiber cloth and just wipe it it has
to be microfiber because what is going
to do is just take all the fingerprints
off and any of the oils that are on the
pattern i'm going to be in the cloth so
just a quick wipe and you'll notice it's
perfect crystal clear now if it gets
anything really big on it like orange
juice or cookie crumbs or anything that
you happen to spill on it then you want
to take this cloth and wet it you're
just going to put it in water this is
just a bucket of warm water nothing else
bring it out really really well we'll
make sure there's hardly any water left
in the rag and what I do is I wring it
out a couple times and then I shake it
just to make sure that all the water is
really out of it so now you've got a wet
almost damp microfiber cloth and you're
going to wipe that pad it's going to
take up anything big that's stuck on it
just wait a couple seconds you're going
to think oh it's going to leave a smear
streak and then poof perfectly clean all
right so that's how to take care of your
iPad the other thing you can do with
this microfiber cloth is you can clean
your cell phones with it too I don't
know about you but every time I use mine
I have a greasy spot where my ear was
and I hate it all I do is take that wet
microfiber cloth wipe it perfectly clean
again the neat thing about microfiber is
it's really easy to use it's not
anything you have to worry about you pop
it in the washer you don't have to be
nice to it put it in the dryer it'll
come out nice clean ready to use again
use it wet dry there's nothing you have
to worry about with it the only thing
you don't want to do is you
don't want to use any kind of fabric
softeners in it because that will
actually dunk up the fibers and you
don't want to put it in the dryer with
anything linty like a towel because it's
going to take those Lintz and it's going
to hold on to it and then it'll just
turn into a regular old rag so that's
our lesson for today how to take care of
your iPad I hope you're enjoying it and
keeping it nice and clean happy green
cleaning